ok    unchanged: accepted (wanted accepted). wallet then mint signatures verify over the returned message
ok    a compute unit price added in front: accepted (wanted accepted). wallet then mint signatures verify over the returned message
ok    a Lighthouse assertion added between the page's instructions: accepted (wanted accepted). wallet then mint signatures verify over the returned message
ok    a Lighthouse assertion added at the end: accepted (wanted accepted). wallet then mint signatures verify over the returned message
ok    a Lighthouse instruction that writes an account the page only reads: accepted (wanted accepted). wallet then mint signatures verify over the returned message
ok    an unknown program's instruction added: refused (wanted refused). The wallet added an instruction for a program this page does not accept, 3ZCaYxcS2i5VFT6pCBhtsm4HJag257FHHwWpFh8ZUu98, so the launch did not sign it. Nothing was sent.
ok    a transfer out of the wallet added: refused (wanted refused). The wallet added an instruction for a program this page does not accept, 11111111111111111111111111111111, so the launch did not sign it. Nothing was sent.
ok    one byte of the page's program call changed: refused (wanted refused). The wallet changed, reordered or dropped one of the instructions this page built, so the launch did not sign it. Nothing was sent.
ok    the page's compute limit changed: refused (wanted refused). The wallet changed, reordered or dropped one of the instructions this page built, so the launch did not sign it. Nothing was sent.
ok    one of the page's instructions dropped: refused (wanted refused). The wallet changed, reordered or dropped one of the instructions this page built, so the launch did not sign it. Nothing was sent.
ok    two of the page's instructions swapped: refused (wanted refused). The wallet changed, reordered or dropped one of the instructions this page built, so the launch did not sign it. Nothing was sent.
ok    the fee payer swapped: refused (wanted refused). The wallet changed who pays for this transaction, so the launch did not sign it. Nothing was sent.

12 passed, 0 failed
